1)	What is .NET Core ?
=>  .NET Core is open source framework for building modern high-performance applications
    such as web app,mobile app,windows,AOT and Cloud based applications.
	
	
	
2)  What are the advantages of .NET Core ?

=>   i) Open source 
     ii) Cross platform support so it can be run on windows,linux and mac
	 iii).NET Core handles more requests than ASP.NET 
	 iv) Provides testability and it can deploy on IIS and Cloud
	 
	 
	 
3) What are the features in .NET Core ?

=> i)Build in support for Dependency Injection 
   ii)Build in support for Logging framework and it can be extensible
   iii)Introduced a new fast and cross-platform web server -Kestrel i.e = we can run web app without using a IIS
   iv)command-line support is their to create,building and running the applications
   v)It's has good support for asynchronous programming 
   vi)Their is no Web.config file .We can store custom configurations into an appsetting.json file
   Vii)It support minimal API 's and Rate limiting
   
   
4) What is Metapackage ?

=> .NET Core introduced Metapackge  which includes all the packages by ASP.NET by code into a single package.
   It help's us to do fast development as we dont require to includes indivisual ASP.NET core packages.
   
5) What is the Startup class ?

=> Startup is the entry point of the ASP.NET Core Applications.THis class contains all configurations related items.
   .NET 6 onwards Startup file is removed ,and that whatever actions handled in Startup class that moved to program.cs file.

6) What is the middleware ?

=> middleware are the componets that responsible for the request and respons
   They are just like chained to each other and forms as a pipeline.
   The incoming request are passed through the pipeline where all the middleware are configured.
   And middleware can perform an action before passing it to the next middleware    
   Same for the responce ,they are also passing through middlewares but in reverse order.
   
7) What is routing in ASP.NET Core ?

=> Routiing is a functionality that maps incoming request to the appropreiate handler
   Route can have values (extract from URL),that are used to process the request.
   i)Coventional Routing
   ii)Attribute Routiing
   
8) How to enable sessions in ASP.NET Core ?

=> First we have include the sessions middleware in pipeline then we can use that in any where poject.

9) What are the various types of json files that are available in ASP.NET Core ?

=> they are i)  Global.json
            ii) appsetting.json
			iii)launchsetting.json